This is where we keep any tools and device specific scripts for add on cards.  The layout of the 
directory is /exports/kickstart/taskfiles.new/devices/<MANUFACTURER ID>/<DEVICE ID>.  The MANUFACTURER ID
and DEVICE ID can be determined by looking at /usr/share/pc.ids or by doing a LSPCI -n on a server
that contains the cards in question.  The burnin and audit taskfiles will attempt to pull down
the "tools.tgz" file for any device in a server that is listed in the device list files.  Currently
the only device list file pulled is raid.devices, but others can be added later.  If other device
list files are added, the burnin and audit task files will need to be modified to get the files as
it will not happen automatically.  This was done on purpose as different devices may need to be 
burned in/audited and specific times and this forces the developer to be aware of this.

If you want to add a device to a device list, all that needs to be done is add the MANUFACTURER ID
and DEVICE ID to the file in the format MANUFACTURER:DEVICE.

Once a device is added to the device list, create any missing parts of the path to the device 
specific taskfile functions.  After the path is created, the specific files need to be created.

Currently these are the files that need to be created
        burnin.sh
        audit.pm
        cli.tgz

burnin.sh -     shell script sourced and executed by the burnin taskfile.  
                Needs to contain the function called burnin

audit.pm  -     Perl module called by the audit taskfile.  This needs to contain the
                function audit()

cli.tgz   -     This is a tar/gzip of the cli tools for the device.  We would like to keep
                the naming convention of placing the cli tools in cli.tgz as it will simplify
                installing the cli tools on servers provisioned with a particular device
                for example, the command "tar -xzvf /tmp/cli.tgz -C /usr/bin" could be added to
                the postconf file to install the cli into /usr/bin

After creating these files, execute the Make file in the directory.  This will tar/gzip all of the
required files into tools.tgz that the taskfiles will pull down when needed.

If you need any help creating any of these files, there are examples in the templates directory.

If you add any new devices, please add their corresponding ids and descriptions to the device.ids
file.
